c:\users\brand\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITADcodes\ITADcodes\ITADcodes\obj\Debug\ITADcodes.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\brand\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITADcodes\ITADcodes\ITADcodes\bin\sqlite3.dll
c:\users\brand\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITADcodes\ITADcodes\ITADcodes\bin\ITADcodes.dll.config
c:\users\brand\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITADcodes\ITADcodes\ITADcodes\bin\ITADcodes.dll
c:\users\brand\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITADcodes\ITADcodes\ITADcodes\bin\ITADcodes.pdb
c:\users\brand\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITADcodes\ITADcodes\ITADcodes\bin\ITADcodes.ServiceInterface.dll
c:\users\brand\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITADcodes\ITADcodes\ITADcodes\bin\ITADcodes.ServiceModel.dll
c:\users\brand\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITADcodes\ITADcodes\ITADcodes\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\brand\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITADcodes\ITADcodes\ITADcodes\bin\ServiceStack.Client.dll
c:\users\brand\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITADcodes\ITADcodes\ITADcodes\bin\ServiceStack.Common.dll
c:\users\brand\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITADcodes\ITADcodes\ITADcodes\bin\ServiceStack.dll
c:\users\brand\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITADcodes\ITADcodes\ITADcodes\bin\ServiceStack.Interfaces.dll
c:\users\brand\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITADcodes\ITADcodes\ITADcodes\bin\ServiceStack.OrmLite.dll
c:\users\brand\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITADcodes\ITADcodes\ITADcodes\bin\ServiceStack.Razor.dll
c:\users\brand\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITADcodes\ITADcodes\ITADcodes\bin\ServiceStack.Redis.dll
c:\users\brand\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITADcodes\ITADcodes\ITADcodes\bin\ServiceStack.Server.dll
c:\users\brand\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITADcodes\ITADcodes\ITADcodes\bin\ServiceStack.Text.dll
c:\users\brand\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITADcodes\ITADcodes\ITADcodes\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\brand\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITADcodes\ITADcodes\ITADcodes\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\brand\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITADcodes\ITADcodes\ITADcodes\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\brand\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITADcodes\ITADcodes\ITADcodes\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\brand\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITADcodes\ITADcodes\ITADcodes\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\brand\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITADcodes\ITADcodes\ITADcodes\bin\ServiceStack.OrmLite.Sqlite.dll
c:\users\brand\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITADcodes\ITADcodes\ITADcodes\bin\Mono.Data.Sqlite.dll
c:\users\brand\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITADcodes\ITADcodes\ITADcodes\bin\ITADcodes.ServiceInterface.pdb
c:\users\brand\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITADcodes\ITADcodes\ITADcodes\bin\ITADcodes.ServiceModel.pdb
c:\users\brand\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITADcodes\ITADcodes\ITADcodes\bin\ServiceStack.xml
c:\users\brand\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITADcodes\ITADcodes\ITADcodes\bin\ServiceStack.Client.xml
c:\users\brand\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITADcodes\ITADcodes\ITADcodes\bin\ServiceStack.Common.xml
c:\users\brand\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITADcodes\ITADcodes\ITADcodes\bin\ServiceStack.OrmLite.xml
c:\users\brand\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITADcodes\ITADcodes\ITADcodes\bin\ServiceStack.Razor.xml
c:\users\brand\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITADcodes\ITADcodes\ITADcodes\bin\ServiceStack.Redis.xml
c:\users\brand\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITADcodes\ITADcodes\ITADcodes\bin\ServiceStack.Server.xml
c:\users\brand\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITADcodes\ITADcodes\ITADcodes\bin\ServiceStack.Text.xml
c:\users\brand\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITADcodes\ITADcodes\ITADcodes\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\brand\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITADcodes\ITADcodes\ITADcodes\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\brand\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITADcodes\ITADcodes\ITADcodes\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\brand\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITADcodes\ITADcodes\ITADcodes\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\brand\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITADcodes\ITADcodes\ITADcodes\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\brand\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITADcodes\ITADcodes\ITADcodes\obj\Debug\ITADcodes.dll
c:\users\brand\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITADcodes\ITADcodes\ITADcodes\obj\Debug\ITADcodes.pdb
