c:\users\brand\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITADcodes\ITADcodes\ITADcodes.ServiceInterface\obj\Debug\ITADcodes.ServiceInterface.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\brand\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITADcodes\ITADcodes\ITADcodes.ServiceInterface\bin\Debug\sqlite3.dll
c:\users\brand\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITADcodes\ITADcodes\ITADcodes.ServiceInterface\bin\Debug\ITADcodes.ServiceInterface.dll
c:\users\brand\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITADcodes\ITADcodes\ITADcodes.ServiceInterface\bin\Debug\ITADcodes.ServiceInterface.pdb
c:\users\brand\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITADcodes\ITADcodes\ITADcodes.ServiceInterface\bin\Debug\ITADcodes.ServiceModel.dll
c:\users\brand\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITADcodes\ITADcodes\ITADcodes.ServiceInterface\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Client.dll
c:\users\brand\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITADcodes\ITADcodes\ITADcodes.ServiceInterface\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Common.dll
c:\users\brand\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITADcodes\ITADcodes\ITADcodes.ServiceInterface\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.dll
c:\users\brand\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITADcodes\ITADcodes\ITADcodes.ServiceInterface\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Interfaces.dll
c:\users\brand\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITADcodes\ITADcodes\ITADcodes.ServiceInterface\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.OrmLite.dll
c:\users\brand\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITADcodes\ITADcodes\ITADcodes.ServiceInterface\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Text.dll
c:\users\brand\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITADcodes\ITADcodes\ITADcodes.ServiceInterface\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.OrmLite.Sqlite.dll
c:\users\brand\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITADcodes\ITADcodes\ITADcodes.ServiceInterface\bin\Debug\Mono.Data.Sqlite.dll
c:\users\brand\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITADcodes\ITADcodes\ITADcodes.ServiceInterface\bin\Debug\ITADcodes.ServiceModel.pdb
c:\users\brand\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITADcodes\ITADcodes\ITADcodes.ServiceInterface\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.xml
c:\users\brand\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITADcodes\ITADcodes\ITADcodes.ServiceInterface\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Client.xml
c:\users\brand\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITADcodes\ITADcodes\ITADcodes.ServiceInterface\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Common.xml
c:\users\brand\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITADcodes\ITADcodes\ITADcodes.ServiceInterface\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.OrmLite.xml
c:\users\brand\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITADcodes\ITADcodes\ITADcodes.ServiceInterface\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Text.xml
c:\users\brand\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITADcodes\ITADcodes\ITADcodes.ServiceInterface\obj\Debug\ITADcodes.ServiceInterface.dll
c:\users\brand\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITADcodes\ITADcodes\ITADcodes.ServiceInterface\obj\Debug\ITADcodes.ServiceInterface.pdb
